# cricket-score-predictor_T20
About Dataset WHAT IS CRICSHEET? Cricsheet is Retrosheet for Cricket. We provide ball-by-ball data for Men’s and Women’s Test Matches, One-day internationals, Twenty20 Internationals, some other international T20s, and various club competitions such as all Indian Premier League seasons, and some Big Bash League, T20 Blast, and Pakistan Super League matches.  At the moment we have ball-by-ball information for 7,470 matches, comprising 628 Test matches, 23 other multi-day matches, 2,033 One-day internationals, 372 other one-day matches, 1,432 T20 internationals, 332 international T20s, 816 Indian Premier League matches, 365 Big Bash League matches, 815 T20 Blast matches, 146 Pakistan Super League matches, 264 Women's Big Bash League matches, and 244 Caribbean Premier League matches, featuring 85 countries, 57 club teams, and 3 representative XIs going back as far as 2007 (for women), and 2004 (for men).  The most recent matches added to the site are the New Zealand vs Pakistan Men’s T20 match that was played on the 22nd of December, 2020, the Perth Scorchers vs Sydney Thunder Big Bash League match that was played on the 22nd of December, 2020, and Pakistan vs New Zealand Men’s T20 match that was played on the 20th of December, 2020.  THE DATA The data is provided in a number of zip files, one of which contains all of the matches, and the others certain sub-sets of matches, such as for the type of matches, matches for certain countries, teams, or genders, or periods of time. We also provide (as an experiment) CSV and XML versions of all matches. Below is the listing of the data grouped by types of matches (for any gender), or you can see the full set of downloads, in various formats, on the downloads page.  All matches 7,470 matches, 30.7 MB Test matches 628 matches, 8.2 MB Multi-day matches 23 matches, 258 KB One-day internationals 2,033 matches, 9.1 MB One-day matches 372 matches, 1.6 MB T20 internationals 1,432 matches, 3.7 MB Non-official T20 internationals 332 matches, 837 KB Big Bash League matches 365 matches, 957 KB Indian Premier League matches 816 matches, 2.2 MB Caribbean Premier League matches 244 matches, 644 KB T20 Blast matches 815 matches, 2.1 MB Pakistan Super League matches 146 matches, 387 KB Women's Big Bash League matches 264 matches, 689 KB USING THE DATA What could you do with the data? Well, t that’s up to you really. You could investigate who are the best and worst value players in the IPL. Or see how much difference different non-strikers make to the scoring rate of the people they bat with. Or come up with something completely new that revolutionizes cricket like finding the equivalent of DIPS (Defense independent pitching statistics) from baseball.  THE DATA FORMAT The data is provided in YAML format, a human-readable data format. There are libraries available to parse this in multiple languages. As for the structure of the file, hopefully, it is clear enough when you have a look at the data, although a full description of the format is also available.  HOW CAN I HELP? SPOTTING ERRORS IN THE DATA The first method of helping would be to spot any errors in the data. Ideally, we won’t have any but there’s always the chance and if we can spot the errors we can fix them and write further validation to ensure that further examples don’t slip through.  HELPING WITH MISSING DATA The second method of helping is to help us get ball-by-ball data for our missing games. This doesn’t even have to involve finding the data, it’s possible you know a contact who may be able to shed light on some matches, or you know of someone who has the commentary for a match on tape. Even small bits of info might be enough to put us on the right track.  BLOG ENTRIES We do have an infrequent blog to which we occasionally post about updates to the data format, additions to the site, or random musings. The most recent entry was “Hello again” on the 17th of April, 2019.  GETTING IN TOUCH You can contact the project at stephen (at) cricsheet (dot) org. Feel free to get in touch, we love hearing about what people are doing with the data.
